Good morning. Can you help me with flights to Australia? I'm going to Sydney, and I also
want to visit friends in Hong Kong. A flight to Sydney, Australia, stopping in Hong Kong.
Yes, please. How long is the flight? The flight from London to Hong Kong is 12 hours.
Then from Hong Kong to Sydney, it takes another nine hours. That sounds good. How far is it
from the airport to the centre of Hong Kong? It takes about an hour from the airport.
And how much would that flight cost? From London to Sydney, stopping in Hong Kong.
The flight works out at £1,199. You can book a hotel in Hong Kong with us as well. The flight
and hotel together comes to a total of £1,247.
On the return flight, would I stop in Hong Kong again? Do you want to stop in Hong Kong
on the way back as well? Or do you want to fly direct from Sydney to London? That flight
takes 24 hours, and it costs £1,199. We could also book you into a hotel near the airport
in Sydney. That's £70 more. How far is the airport from the centre of Sydney? About 20